[apache]
intygstjanst-test ansible_ssh_host=intygstjanst.inera.nordicmedtest.se ansible_ssh_user=inera ansible_ssh_port=23022 ansible_ssh_private_key_file=~/.ssh/inera_rsa
minaintyg-test ansible_ssh_host=minaintyg.inera.nordicmedtest.se ansible_ssh_user=inera ansible_ssh_port=22022 ansible_ssh_private_key_file=~/.ssh/inera_rsa
webcert-test ansible_ssh_host=webcert.inera.nordicmedtest.se ansible_ssh_user=inera ansible_ssh_port=21022 ansible_ssh_private_key_file=~/.ssh/inera_rsa
privatlakarportal-test ansible_ssh_host=webcert.inera.nordicmedtest.se ansible_ssh_user=inera ansible_ssh_port=21022 ansible_ssh_private_key_file=~/.ssh/inera_rsa
webcert-sit ansible_ssh_host=fitnesse.inera.nordicmedtest.se ansible_ssh_user=inera ansible_ssh_port=26022 ansible_ssh_private_key_file=~/.ssh/inera_rsa
intygstjanst-sit ansible_ssh_host=fitnesse.inera.nordicmedtest.se ansible_ssh_user=inera ansible_ssh_port=26022 ansible_ssh_private_key_file=~/.ssh/inera_rsa
rehabstod-test ansible_ssh_host=87.238.57.182 ansible_ssh_user=inera ansible_ssh_port=27022 ansible_ssh_private_key_file=~/.ssh/inera_rsa

[tomcat]
intygstjanst-test ansible_ssh_host=intygstjanst.inera.nordicmedtest.se ansible_ssh_user=inera ansible_ssh_port=23022 ansible_ssh_private_key_file=~/.ssh/inera_rsa
minaintyg-test ansible_ssh_host=minaintyg.inera.nordicmedtest.se ansible_ssh_user=inera ansible_ssh_port=22022 ansible_ssh_private_key_file=~/.ssh/inera_rsa
webcert-test ansible_ssh_host=webcert.inera.nordicmedtest.se ansible_ssh_user=inera ansible_ssh_port=21022 ansible_ssh_private_key_file=~/.ssh/inera_rsa
privatlakarportal-test ansible_ssh_host=webcert.inera.nordicmedtest.se ansible_ssh_user=inera ansible_ssh_port=21022 ansible_ssh_private_key_file=~/.ssh/inera_rsa
webcert-sit ansible_ssh_host=fitnesse.inera.nordicmedtest.se ansible_ssh_user=inera ansible_ssh_port=26022 ansible_ssh_private_key_file=~/.ssh/inera_rsa
intygstjanst-sit ansible_ssh_host=fitnesse.inera.nordicmedtest.se ansible_ssh_user=inera ansible_ssh_port=26022 ansible_ssh_private_key_file=~/.ssh/inera_rsa
rehabstod-test ansible_ssh_host=87.238.57.182 ansible_ssh_user=inera ansible_ssh_port=27022 ansible_ssh_private_key_file=~/.ssh/inera_rsa

[activemq]
intygstjanst-test ansible_ssh_host=intygstjanst.inera.nordicmedtest.se ansible_ssh_user=inera ansible_ssh_port=23022 ansible_ssh_private_key_file=~/.ssh/inera_rsa
webcert-test ansible_ssh_host=webcert.inera.nordicmedtest.se ansible_ssh_user=inera ansible_ssh_port=21022 ansible_ssh_private_key_file=~/.ssh/inera_rsa
privatlakarportal-test ansible_ssh_host=webcert.inera.nordicmedtest.se ansible_ssh_user=inera ansible_ssh_port=21022 ansible_ssh_private_key_file=~/.ssh/inera_rsa
webcert-sit ansible_ssh_host=fitnesse.inera.nordicmedtest.se ansible_ssh_user=inera ansible_ssh_port=26022 ansible_ssh_private_key_file=~/.ssh/inera_rsa
intygstjanst-sit ansible_ssh_host=fitnesse.inera.nordicmedtest.se ansible_ssh_user=inera ansible_ssh_port=26022 ansible_ssh_private_key_file=~/.ssh/inera_rsa

[mysql]
intygstjanst-test ansible_ssh_host=intygstjanst.inera.nordicmedtest.se ansible_ssh_user=inera ansible_ssh_port=23022 ansible_ssh_private_key_file=~/.ssh/inera_rsa
webcert-test ansible_ssh_host=webcert.inera.nordicmedtest.se ansible_ssh_user=inera ansible_ssh_port=21022 ansible_ssh_private_key_file=~/.ssh/inera_rsa
privatlakarportal-test ansible_ssh_host=webcert.inera.nordicmedtest.se ansible_ssh_user=inera ansible_ssh_port=21022 ansible_ssh_private_key_file=~/.ssh/inera_rsa
webcert-sit ansible_ssh_host=fitnesse.inera.nordicmedtest.se ansible_ssh_user=inera ansible_ssh_port=26022 ansible_ssh_private_key_file=~/.ssh/inera_rsa
intygstjanst-sit ansible_ssh_host=fitnesse.inera.nordicmedtest.se ansible_ssh_user=inera ansible_ssh_port=26022 ansible_ssh_private_key_file=~/.ssh/inera_rsa
